>> Kyle Simpson: What questions can we
answer about dedicated woodworkers?
>> Student: This is actually
a housekeeping, boring one.
But, so
we're gonna be using DevTools a fair bit.
Should we be mostly working in Chrome,
henceforth, or
is it
>> Kyle Simpson: For
this, the purposes of this workshop,
we're gonna work exclusively in Chrome.
I'm hoping that you will find the code
that we write would be agnostic
to the browser.
But there certainly can be little
quacks where you try it in firefox and
things don't run in exactly
the same order usually,
it's not that stuff is totally broken.
But it may happen in different order.
But yeah,
we're gonna be working entirely in chrome.
I mean the latest version of chrome.
So let me see what that
version is at this moment.
Let's do about Chrome.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah, I'm in 74, so
>> Student2: It's a small aside here.
I just tried it in Internet Explorer and
it is completely broken.
>> Kyle Simpson: Is it?
>> Student2: Yeah.
>> Kyle Simpson: In IE?
>> Kyle Simpson: Which version of IE?
>> Student2: 11.
>> Kyle Simpson: 11, I would
have expected it to work in 11.
Interesting.
>> Student3: Is it possible to ebug
Webworkers and Devtools in the normal,
usual way and the depth?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah, absolutely it is.
So you saw that we were able to receive
a console log message from there.
But if there is a web worker running,
it'll be listed here.
So let's try that.
Let's click Start, and
then our worker is here, so now we're
filtering only messages from the worker.
Debugging works exactly the same
with watch expressions and
exceptions that happen,
pause on exceptions.
You can click in the Sources tab and
get your worker right here and
then access it and open it up.
>> Kyle Simpson: That's interesting,
I don't know why it didn't show it.
That looks like a Chrome bug.
It's not rendering it.
But yes, the answer is you
can do full debugging of your
workers while they're running on the page.